README.md, before:

# Specops-password-unlocker

This repository contains a code you can use for automation of account unlock over AD Self Service Password Reset utility. If supported scenario doesn't work in your environment and you'd like to use the script feel free to open the pull or feature request. 

If you want to read more about how it works, check my following blog scripts:  
https://funinit.wordpress.com/2018/03/11/automated-account-unlock-over-specops-self-password-reset-web-interface/
https://funinit.wordpress.com/2017/10/03/asp-net-web-form-as-api/  

## How to use the script?

Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/cinek810/Specops-password-unlocker.git
```
Update configuretion file
```
vim etc/specops-unlock.conf
```
and run the script to unlock your account:
```
python2.7 ./AccountUnlock.py
```

## Note on Java version
Repository contaions also .java version, however, the code is currently unclean. It neither make final "unlock" call nor supports configuration file. 

## Changelog
### 11-03-2017
First working version in python - supports only unlock scenario where 1st page is a form for netid and domain selection and then three security are asked.

Commit message:

move example config to .sample User logging instead of dirty prints in script code

README.md, after:

# Specops-password-unlocker

This repository contains a code you can use for automation of account unlock over AD Self Service Password Reset utility. If supported scenario doesn't work in your environment and you'd like to use the script feel free to open the pull or feature request. 

If you want to read more about how it works, check my following blog scripts:  
https://funinit.wordpress.com/2018/03/11/automated-account-unlock-over-specops-self-password-reset-web-interface/
https://funinit.wordpress.com/2017/10/03/asp-net-web-form-as-api/  

## How to use the script?

Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/cinek810/Specops-password-unlocker.git
```
Update configuretion file
```
cp etc/specops-unlock.conf{.sample,}
vim etc/specops-unlock.conf
```
and run the script to unlock your account:
```
python2.7 ./AccountUnlock.py
```

## Note on Java version
Repository contaions also .java version, however, the code is currently unclean. It neither make final "unlock" call nor supports configuration file. 

## Changelog
### 17-03-2017
Use logging instead of prints in python version. Added loglevel and logfile options to configuration. Now it's prepared to run from cron.
### 11-03-2017
First working version in python - supports only unlock scenario where 1st page is a form for netid and domain selection and then three security are asked.
